hello dear hungry panna cotta is yes
especially as an Italian very
known, however, can we see about
can also be good for a pie
and if they are with one
fruity 12 is provided she comes
also visually good and that the whole without
Baking does not work out well
damage
we need it
a vanilla pod sugar board and
you can gelatinised leaf or leaf
like I use statins immediately
Vegans just better an active
However, the variant would have to be too
the butter we still need through
margarine and the cream through
example so yazan replace works
but we also need martini
this delicious coat biscuits and red
either make ready or make them
even how it works is easy
is there a video on it from her?
end and in the infobox is linked
First we cut with one as possible
sharp knife
The vanilla pod is lengthwise and has
the mark out now we go into one
pot the cream the sugar that was nice
and even the school itself would be everything
go through and let it boil
then under low heat
Stir occasionally for about 15
Simmer minutes then from the stove
take and allow to cool slightly
we never put diamanti in one
Freezer bags open up to this
knock the biscuits a bit with the
dough roller and then work it up
they are crumbling really fine
then we give it to the liquid
butter and mix everything thoroughly
have a baking mold with me
a diameter of 18 cm becomes light
Greased given the biscuit mass
distribute this to the floor and press
Then firmly with your hands
then the shape for about half
hour cool
Incidentally, panna cotta means cooked
cream and we pour this through now
strainer into a suitable tube and tube
then the gelatin 1
You should use gelatine or magazines
then use it after the
Instructions on the pack everything
Mix thoroughly with each other and then
first set aside until the mass
to gel in the meantime begins
Let's enter the other half of the room
a suitable vessel and beat it
Stiff the cooked and with gelantine
his mass starts to mix
it will take time to lose vigorously
Add the whipped cream and
to lift these under
and this mixture is now on the
meanwhile recovered crumb soil
how to distribute the weight they emphasize
smooth as a small palette knife
is perfect but could be
use another or a spoon
especially since it is not at all
arrives that everything is particularly smooth
because it's still going on and on
Let's take part of the red short
and work with them earlier
died after that we give her in blots
spoonful on the saale mass and
pull through this streak with shaped
a fork and you can more or
At least that's what makes it less intense
it is precisely this world optic that arises
if he have done this give the
pie again for three to four hours
in the fridge and then you can
be served
give in from the remaining red groats in
the middle will be today or enough
In any case, we have separately
then a very tasty tasting otte
I wish you a lot of fun with the
preparation and a pretty good appetite
and if you want to see it again
red groats just made by yourself
can be
or you shoot over the new minutes
for which also red groats is needed
wants to prepare then look
just go into these videos and
if not done, I am glad
me, of course, very much about yours but me
remains to be said until the next
times
bye Bye